README.md, before:


[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4r429bv594fxkygd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/felixse/fluentterminal)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/FluentTerminal)

# Fluent Terminal
A Terminal Emulator based on UWP and web technologies.

## Features:
- Terminal for PowerShell, CMD, WSL, or custom shells
- Supports tabs and multiple windows
- Theming and appearance configuration
- Editable keybindings
- Search function
- Configure shell profiles to quickly switch between different shells
- Explorer context menu integration (Installation script can be found [here](https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal/tree/master/Explorer%20Context%20Menu%20Integration))

## Screenshots:
![Terminal window](Screenshots/Terminal.png)
![Settings window](Screenshots/Settings.png)

## Up Next:
- Split screen support
- Full screen mode
- Import/Export themes

## How to install
- activate the developer mode as described [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/windows/uwp/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development)
- Install the *.cer file into `Local Machine` -> `Trusted Root Certification Authorities`
- double click the *.appxbundle
- Optional: Install Context menu integration from [here](https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal/tree/master/Explorer%20Context%20Menu%20Integration))

## How to build:
Build the Client first, or whenever edited by running `npm run build` in FluentTerminal.Client  
Everything else is part of the solution.

Commit message:

Update readme to address issues with loopback exemption (#51)
* Update README for installation instructions

Changed from requiring developer mode to demonstrate to install when sideloading the app. Including the Powershell snippet necessary to enable the loopback exemption for the package family that is FluentTerminal.

* Updated notes on developer mode

* Linking to issue 43 directly.

README.md, after:


[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4r429bv594fxkygd?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/felixse/fluentterminal)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/FluentTerminal)

# Fluent Terminal
A Terminal Emulator based on UWP and web technologies.

## Features:
- Terminal for PowerShell, CMD, WSL, or custom shells
- Supports tabs and multiple windows
- Theming and appearance configuration
- Editable keybindings
- Search function
- Configure shell profiles to quickly switch between different shells
- Explorer context menu integration (Installation script can be found [here](https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal/tree/master/Explorer%20Context%20Menu%20Integration))

## Screenshots:
![Terminal window](Screenshots/Terminal.png)
![Settings window](Screenshots/Settings.png)

## Up Next:
- Split screen support
- Full screen mode
- Import/Export themes

## How to install
- [Enable sideloading apps ](https://www.windowscentral.com/how-enable-windows-10-sideload-apps-outside-store
)
  - Alternatively, [enable developer mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/windows/uwp/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development) if you plan to do UWP app development. **For most users that do not intend to do UWP app development, developer mode will not be necessary.**
- Install the *.cer file into `Local Machine` -> `Trusted Root Certification Authorities`
- double click the *.appxbundle
- If you did not enable developer mode, you'll have to run the following Powershell snippet in an Administrative/elevated Powershell prompt (addresses issues such as the one described in [#43](https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal/issues/43))
  ```powershell
  $packageFamily = (Get-AppxPackage | where { $_.Name -eq "53621FSApps.FluentTerminal" }).PackageFamilyName
  CheckNetIsolation.exe LoopbackExempt -a -n="$packageFamily"
  ```
- **Optional:** Install Context menu integration from [here](https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal/tree/master/Explorer%20Context%20Menu%20Integration))

## How to build:
Build the Client first, or whenever edited by running `npm run build` in FluentTerminal.Client  
Everything else is part of the solution.
